# Mobile Device Biometric System Use Case
June 23, 2017
## Background
A Mobile Device is composed of a hardware platform and its system software. The device typically provides wireless connectivity and may include software for functions like secure messaging, email, web, VPN connection, and VoIP (Voice over IP), for access to the network, data and applications, and for communicating to other Mobile Devices.
A Biometric System is composed of multiple individual components (such as sensor and matching algorithm) that combine to make a fully operational system. A biometric system is automated and capable of: 
1.	Capturing biometric samples from an end user
2.	Extracting and processing the biometric data from a sample
3.	Generating various templates based on processing of any samples during enrollment, and if adaptive, during verification as well
4.	Storing the extracted information in a database on the device (the security of this data may be outside the scope of the biometric system)
5.	Comparing a captured biometric sample with data contained in one or more authentication templates
6.	Deciding how well sample and any template match and indicating whether or not a verification of identity has been achieved

A Biometric system running on a mobile device can authenticate a user based on her biometric characteristics (e.g. fingerprint, iris, face and finger vein) to unlock devices, initiate financial services and access cloud services. However, such biometric authentication may introduce new threats, such as biometric impersonation. This document describes typical use cases for a mobile device biometric system that will be considered for Biometric Security cPP development. 

When considering mobile devices, any biometric system is reliant on the device itself to provide overall security of the system (such for security communications, storage and audit). The review of the mobile device security is expected to be performed separately, such as through a Mobile Device Fundamentals (MDF) evaluation.

In many cases, the biometric system is fully integrated into the mobile device without the need for additional software. It is possible for third-party vendors (i.e. not the OEM of the device) to provide software that may integrate with an existing biometric system. It is also possible for a third-party vendor to use other components (such as a camera or motion sensors) to create a biometric system separate from one an integrated one or even on a mobile device which does not include a built-in biometric system.
# Use Cases
Mobile device itself may be operated in a number of use cases such as described in the MDF Protection Profile. Biometric system on the device may also be operated in the same use cases however use cases of biometric system on the device should be devised separately considering the purpose of biometric authentication and potential attacks. The following use cases describe how and why biometric authentication is supposed to be used, and additionally, what kinds of security functional requirements and assurance activities should be considered. We plan to define security functional requirements and accompanying assurance activities for each use case in the cPP.
## [USE CASE 1: Mobile device biometric authentication on “unlocked” device]
For enhanced security that is easy to use, mobile devices may implement biometric authentication on a device once it has been “unlocked”. The initial unlock is generally done by a PIN/password which is required at startup (or possibly after some period of time) and after that the user is able to use a biometric to unlock access to the device. Mobile device is not supposed to be used for security sensitive services as described in the use case 2 through biometric authentication.
While an end user mainly cares about ease of use, the enterprise (in this case most commonly a government) has more concerns about the FAR/FRR and ensuring access cannot be bypassed. Since the biometric system is one component of the whole device, most security assurance is expected to be handled through an MDF evaluation with the biometrics analysis to be proportional to the scope of the overall device (i.e. a 3-month evaluation for just the biometric subsystem when the whole device is 3 months long is not proportional).
Testing is largely expected to be done by the vendor for the FAR/FRR and presentation attack. This could be handled internally or by a third party, with appropriate documentation of the testing environment. The level of documentation and testing would be similar to the MDF level (EAL1 with some specific tests to handle targeted areas of concern).
## [USE CASE 2: Mobile device biometric authentication for security sensitive service]
Mobile devices may be used for security sensitive service such as payment transactions and online banking. Authentication may be done by biometrics for convenience instead of PIN/password. 
The requirements for the biometric system focus on the FTE/FAR/FRR and presentation attack as the security of the biometric system is assumed to be handled by the device itself. Independent testing of the FTE/FAR/FRR shall be required with small number of test subjects. 
The level of assurance would be EAL2 because this use case require more in depth vulnerability analysis than the use case 1.
## [USE CASE 3: Mobile devices biometric authentication for security sensitive service at various environments]
This use case is the same as use case 2 except this one consider mobility aspect of mobile device. Biometric authentication may be conducted at various environment but performance may vary depending on environmental condition (e.g. Capturing vein pattern is sensitive to the surrounding light condition. Performance measured in the dark room and normal light condition may be different). This use case evaluates performance at several different environments.
The level of assurance would be EAL2. Evaluator needs to conduct independent evaluator testing for performance at various environments.
## [USE CASE 4: General application protection/authorization by biometric authentication]
Many applications have started to be integrated with the biometric system API framework on the devices and can use the biometric system to provide some level of authorization, whether to the application itself or for actions taken within the application. This is specifically not for payment or device authentication.
The requirements here are generally very basic as the application is trusting the system completely.
## [USE CASE 5: Biometric use for external authentication system]
The best example of this is the FIDO Alliance where-in the biometric system of the device is used to verify the local user to the authenticator (FIDO term). Because this is specifically targeted to trusted authentication and authorization using the mobile device the requirements are higher.
In general, these requirements are similar to USE CASE 1 though they could diverge in terms of the specific FAR/FRR values (or ranges). The testing here is expected to at least in part be done by a third party lab (which could be the FIDO certification lab or another as this specific example) though it could be largely done by the vendor with a smaller amount done by the lab with appropriate documentation provided to the lab. 
# SPD/Security Objectives Considerations
Common set of assumptions/threats/OSP and security objectives is defined in the current SPD/Security objectives. SPD/Security objectives for mobile device biometric authentication will be created referring the current SPD, after fixing use cases to be considered for cPP development.
We would like to follow the same procedure to do later tasks like security requirement development for mobile device biometric authentication cPP.
